1.7.0 documentation (#360)
IBM/ibm-block-csi-driver: docs/content/troubleshooting/csi_ug_troubleshooting_logs.md

## Log collection for Operator for IBM block storage CSI driver

`kubectl log -f -n <namespace> ibm-block-csi-operator-<PODID> -c ibm-block-csi-operator`

## Detecting errors

To help pinpoint potential causes for stateful pod failure:

> 1.  Verify that the CSI driver is running. (Make sure the `csi-controller` pod status is _Running_).
> 
>     ```
>     kubectl get all -n <namespace> -l csi
>     ```
> 
> 2.  If `pod/ibm-block-csi-controller-0` is not in a _Running_ state, run the following command:
> 
>     ```
>     kubectl describe -n <namespace> pod/ibm-block-csi-controller-0

Reviewer: [continuing](https://github.com/IBM/ibm-block-csi-driver/pull/360#discussion_r714048290):
```suggestion
1.  Verify that all the CSI pods are running.

    ```
    kubectl get pods -n <namespace> -l csi
    ```

2.  If a pod is not in a _Running_ state, run the following command:

    ```
    kubectl describe -n <namespace> pod/<pod-name>
```

Author: DONE
